---
layout: post
title: Options
categories: python
---

## Changes were made...

The next goal, in this case, was to make the fight interactive and give the player choices. I believe that giving him only three options (*attack*, *run*, and *use object*) is sufficient for this simple game.

To accomplish this, I must employ numerous *try*/*except* statements.I'm not deep diving into this, but more into the changes that I made in the code and the changes I want to make.

## Changes to *Attack*

First of all, I changed the *attack* function to be a module for the *creatures* category. Then I configure an error in the *randrange*. It is quite simple but is a better response. Maybe for the movement, I'll make another method in *player*. The thing that bothers me a little is the fact that we can only fight with one enemy. But I'll keep it that way, so I can focus on other stuff.

## The *Run* implementation

I have included the *run* method to run away from the fight. This one depends on the speed of the player, but I think I'll change it later for the use of an object and to have a 50/50 possibility of work.

Anyway, the hardest part was to end the fight at the moment the function returns *True*. The funny thing is that I just have to make a *return* with a conditional and that's all.

## Data and Objects

The next thing I'd like to do is to have a way to create *creatures* with data stored in other files. That way, I'll have different monsters based on their levels and I can use them in different situations.

Also I'll like to implement the *inventory* on the *player*. I think that a dictionary is the way to go. The key can be the name of the object, and the quantity can be its value. Or maybe a list that only saves the names.

For the behavior, I'll create an *object* class (pretty ironic). This will have two initial values: *name* and *behavior*... maybe I'll create a lot of functions for that behavior. I don't know yet, but I'm excited to do it.