---
layout: post
title: Attack!
categories: python
---

## The First Code:

The moment I start working with the code, I see that I may have set the bar too high for the start. I had planned to make an update only when I had all the criteria in order, but I decided to make little updates on every small step.

Then I'm here presenting the code for the *creature* class.

{%highlight python%}
```
class creature():
  def __init__(self,name: str, hp: int, a: int, d: int, s: int, money: int):
    self.name=name
    self.hp=hp
    self.ap=a
    self.dp=d
    self.sp=s
    self.money=money
```
{%endhighlight%}

Once I read my first post, I saw that some things could be simplified. As for example, *money* can be a value inside *creature* and not two different values.

## The Fights

That was easy. The most complex part was the *fight* function. This one should receive two values: *player* and *enemy* and just repeat itself until one of those is dead. If the *player* wins, the *enemy's* money will be added to the *player's* one.

I decided to divide everything into little pieces. That way, it should be easier to work on and edit once I want to add things. That's why the *fight* function is going to be called the *attack* function:

{%highlight python%}
```
def attack(atac: creature, defen: creature):

  #If the defender is faster...
  if defen.sp >= atac.sp:
    dif = defen.sp - atac.sp
  
    #This will be modify, idk what happens if dif>4
    if random.randrange(dif, 4) == 4:
      return "The attack has been dodge"
      
    #If they have the same speed or the defender is faster, the defense should take .5 points
    shield = defen.dp/2
    
  #If it's slower, only a .25points:
    shield = defen.dp/4

  #the hit...
  sword = atac.ap - shield
  
  defen.hp -= sword
  #The result
  
  return f"Ataque efectivo! {atac.name} gastó {sword} a {defen.name}"
```
{%endhighlight%}

There is a lot to be added. Like the option to run, a better process of the messages, and other little details, but... I made progress! I literally made a system where you have two opponents and they fight each other. I never thought I could do this and I see how I can improve. I'm lovin' it.

At this moment, a little thought is born in my mind... **Can I make this multiplayer?**

## The Next Challenge

I want to make a better attack system, and for that, I have to make it interactive. Add some options and other stuff. This is just the beginning.